README.md, before:

# MTL: Materializer

![Tardis: mtl](http://67.media.tumblr.com/5afe48c312ae01b8911eac26fa59dbb2/tumblr_ngya1wnTRm1sofmw0o1_500.gif)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/at-point/mtl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/at-point/mtl)

Welcome to **MTL: Materializer**, this is a Rails gem we use at [at-point](https://at-point.ch)
to simplify UI designs for back-office heavy applications by leveraging the following
tools:

- [Materialize CSS][materialize]
- [Material Icons][icons] font from Google
- [Rails][rails] and it's asset pipeline
- Google Material Design

## Installation

Add this line to your Rails application's `Gemfile`, it supports Rails 4.2+
(including Rails 5):

```ruby
gem 'mtl', git: 'https://github.com/at-point/mtl'
```

then execute:

```bash
$> bundle
```

And finally run the installer to copy the "base files" to your application:

```
$> ./bin/rails generate mtl:install [--skip-simple-form]
# This copies the following files:
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl.scss
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl/_color.scss
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl/_variables.scss
#    - config/initializers/simple_form.rb
```

Last but not least change your `application.css` to include:

```
//= require mtl
```

Ensure it **does not contain** any reference to `require_tree .`, as this leads
to duplicate imports and weird asset pipeline errors.

## Usage

Customize and adapt your styling as wanted, feel free to modify things in
`_variables.scss` to your liking. Try to avoid changing `_color.scss` when
possible.

## Development

For development `node` and `npm` is required.

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run
`rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive
prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run
`bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push
git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

### Update materialize-css or icons

1. Change version in `package.json`
2. Run `npm update` to fetch the new version
3. Run `./bin/pull-all`: this copies all resources to vendor/assets
4. Follow _NEXT STEPS_ closely as defined in output of `pull-all`

### Documentation

To generate the a browsable html documentation site, use following commands:

- `./bin/yardoc`
- `open doc/index.html`

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/at-point/mtl.
This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors
are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org)
code of conduct.

### License

[MIT License][license]. Copyright 2016 at-point ag. https://at-point.ch

[materialize]: http://materializecss.com/
[icons]: https://design.google.com/icons/
[rails]: http://rubyonrails.org

[header_helper.rb]: https://github.com/at-point/mtl/blob/master/lib/mtl/rails/header_helper.rb
[license]: https://github.com/at-point/mtl/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

Commit message:

include lodash in mtl.js

README.md, after:

# MTL: Materializer

![Tardis: mtl](http://67.media.tumblr.com/5afe48c312ae01b8911eac26fa59dbb2/tumblr_ngya1wnTRm1sofmw0o1_500.gif)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/at-point/mtl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/at-point/mtl)

Welcome to **MTL: Materializer**, this is a Rails gem we use at [at-point](https://at-point.ch)
to simplify UI designs for back-office heavy applications by leveraging the following
tools:

- [Materialize CSS][materialize]
- [Material Icons][icons] font from Google
- [Rails][rails] and it's asset pipeline
- [Lodash][lodash] utilities
- Google Material Design

It requires jQuery (works very will with 3.x).

## Installation

Add this line to your Rails application's `Gemfile`, it supports Rails 4.2+
(including Rails 5):

```ruby
gem 'mtl', git: 'https://github.com/at-point/mtl'
```

then execute:

```bash
$> bundle
```

And finally run the installer to copy the "base files" to your application:

```
$> ./bin/rails generate mtl:install [--skip-simple-form]
# This copies the following files:
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl.scss
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl/_color.scss
#    - app/assets/stylesheets/mtl/_variables.scss
#    - config/initializers/simple_form.rb
```

Last but not least change your `application.css` to include:

```
//= require mtl
```

Ensure it **does not contain** any reference to `require_tree .`, as this leads
to duplicate imports and weird asset pipeline errors.

## Usage

Customize and adapt your styling as wanted, feel free to modify things in
`_variables.scss` to your liking. Try to avoid changing `_color.scss` when
possible.

## Development

For development `node` and `npm` is required.

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run
`rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive
prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run
`bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push
git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

### Update materialize-css or icons

1. Change version in `package.json`
2. Run `npm update` to fetch the new version
3. Run `./bin/pull-all`: this copies all resources to vendor/assets
4. Follow _NEXT STEPS_ closely as defined in output of `pull-all`

### Documentation

To generate the a browsable html documentation site, use following commands:

- `./bin/yardoc`
- `open doc/index.html`

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/at-point/mtl.
This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors
are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org)
code of conduct.

### License

[MIT License][license]. Copyright 2016 at-point ag. https://at-point.ch

[materialize]: http://materializecss.com/
[icons]: https://design.google.com/icons/
[rails]: http://rubyonrails.org
[lodash]: https://lodash.com/

[header_helper.rb]: https://github.com/at-point/mtl/blob/master/lib/mtl/rails/header_helper.rb
[license]: https://github.com/at-point/mtl/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
